---
title: 'Joining Michigan Tech as a assistant professor'
date: 2020-04-26

---

I will be joining the ECE department of [Michigan Tech](https://www.mtu.edu/ece/) in Fall 2020, serving as an assistant professor. 

Multiple Master and Ph.D. positions with full RA/TA support are available in Hongyu An's research group starting from Fall 2020 or Spring 2021.

Hongyu will be joining the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Michigan Tech in Fall 2020, serving as an assistant professor. His research interest mainly focuses on Neuromorphic Computing, Neuromorphic Electronic Circuits Design using Emerging Devices, Spiking Neural Networks, and Artificial Intelligence. More information about the principle investigator (PI) can be found on his personal website: https://an-hongyu.github.io/vt/
Neuromorphic computing is an emerging research topic that realizes artificial intelligence by mimicking and recreating the human brain, including neurons, synapse, and neural networks. This approach involves both hardware design and algorithm developing, such as circuit design, FPGA, neural network algorithms. 
The candidates are expected with either excellent programming capability or hardware design experience. The projects will be assigned based on your background. Two directions can be considered with different responsibilities: 
1.	Software direction: help the PI to develop training algorithm on Spiking Neural Networks and Associative Memory Learning 
2.	Hardware direction: assist the PI to design the corresponding circuits (CMOS, emerging devices) and architecture simulators for Spiking Neural Networks and Associative Memory Learning
Basic Qualifications:
•	Basic understanding of deep learning, neural networks
•	Relevant research experience in machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence
•	Hands-on experience with the latest artificial intelligence and machine learning libraries
•	Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: Python, C++, Java, etc. 
•	Programming experience on deep learning platforms: Pytorch, TensorFlow, etc. 
•	Ability to communicate effectively (both verbal and written)
•	Circuit design experience with Virtuoso, Cadence, SPICE, etc. 
Preferred Qualifications:
•	Relevant research experience in neuromorphic computing, brain-inspired computing
•	Relevant research experience on Spiking Neural Networks
•	Experience with high-performance computing and novel computing architectures.
Desired Skills:
•	Programming experience with Python, Pytorch, TensorFlow, Java, C++, etc. 
•	Experience with Circuit design, Virtuoso, Cadence, HSPICE, Verilog-A, etc. 
•	Good writing and communication skills 
Additional Information:

If you are interested, please send your CV/resume, transcripts, GRE/TOEFL score (if applicable) to hongyu51@vt.edu. 

Other detailed requirements from the department/college can be found at https://www.mtu.edu/ece/graduate/electrical/

